chore: point out breaking change in prometheus.scrape for v1.11 (#4516)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/release-notes.md

See the upstream [Prometheus v3 migration guide](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/3.4/migration/) for more details.

### Breaking changes in `prometheus.scrape`

> `scrape_native_histograms` attribute for `prometheus.scrape` is now set to false previously default was true. This means that it is no longer enough to just configure `scrape_protocols` to start with `PrometheusProto` to scrape native histograms but it has to be enabled. If `scrape_native_histograms` is enabled without `scrape_protocols` set it will be configured correctly for you, otherwise Alloy will validate that `PrometheusProto` is in the `scrape_protocols` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scrape_native_histograms` attribute for `prometheus.scrape` is now set to `false`,
whereas in previous versions of Alloy it would default to `true`. 
This means that it is no longer enough to just configure `scrape_protocols` to start with `PrometheusProto` to scrape native histograms - `scrape_native_histograms` has to be enabled. 
If `scrape_native_histograms` is enabled, `scrape_protocols` will automatically be configured correctly for you to include `PrometheusProto`.
If you configure it explicitly, Alloy will validate that `PrometheusProto` is in the `scrape_protocols` list.
```
